# CS-210
Work from the SNHU course CS-210: Programming Languages

The goal of the project 3 assignment was to create a grocery tracking application. The program receives input from a file that contains all of the items sold on a given day and provides the user with a menu that allows them to choose which of three actions they want to perform, or exit the program. The three functions that can be performed are: 1. Produce a list of all items purchased in a given day along with the number of times each item was purchased, 2. Produce a number representing how many times a specific item was purchased in a given day, or 3. Produce a text-based histogram listing all items purchased in a given day, along with a representation of the number of times each item was purchased. The program displays the options to the user and the user enters either 1, 2, or 3 to choose an action or 4 to exit the program. One thing that I believe that I did well was making the menu and the resulting output very easy to read. One thing that I could have done better was to validate user input for option 2 so that if the user enters an item that was not sold, it asks for a different item rather than just saying that 0 of the inputted item were sold. I also could have made the histogram more appealing to look at. The portion of code that I found most challenging to write was reading from the input file. I overcame these struggles with a lot of google searches and trial and error which resulted in me finally finding the correct path to the file, which allowed it to be opened and read. One skill that I developed throughout working on this project was combining C++ and Python. This will be a very valuable skill in the future as these two languages compliment each other well. To make this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable, I included comments that describe how each function works as well as in-line comments that describe what the program is doing at every step along the way.
